DatasetView from context (#2788)
astronomer/docs: learn/airflow-datasets.md

![DAG Dependencies View](/img/guides/dag_dependencies.png)

> ## Datasets relation with Triggering DAG
> 
> Any kind of operation which needs details from parent DAG triggering the Dataset can become a bit tricky. As of now, a dataset has `data_interval_start` and `data_interval_end`. These are populated by the triggering dag. However, dataset triggered dags has no concept of data interval. Therefore these parameters just show when was the first & last time the dataset was triggered (_If a datset is triggered twice then `data_interval_start` will be of the first time it was triggered and `data_interval_end` will be of the last time it was triggered._).
> 
> To properly link a dataset to it's parent task, we can use another parameter `triggering_dataset_events` from context. This parameter is a list of all the triggering dataset events.
> 
> A `DatasetView` is a class that has parameters like `[timestamp, source_dag_id, source_task_id, source_run_id, source_map_index ]` Which can be levraged to link back to the triggering task.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note

DAGs that are triggered by datasets do not have the concept of a data interval. If you need information about the triggering event in your downstream DAG, you can use the parameter `triggering_dataset_events` from the context. This parameter provides a list of all the triggering dataset events with parameters `[timestamp, source_dag_id, source_task_id, source_run_id, source_map_index ]`.

:::
```
